Meet-Up Goals January 7th 
======================

Have 100% completion of our survey to make this group the best possible!
[Complete Survey Here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dFNjOXZ2MjFNSm9mWHJubEVzQ1ZZQlE6MQ#gid=0)

> At the first few Meet-Ups we will establish regular meeting days each  month for future events, establish what attendees want to learn, and tailor future events accordingly. 

Projects for this Meet-Up
------------------------- 
1.  The ultimate goal of this group is to build an open-source project.  Create a GitHub account if you don't already have one and clone or fork this repository onto your machine.
    - What is the difference in cloning and forking?
    - What is the purpose of using GitHub for our project?

2.  On your machine add the document you created last week, or one you creat today in the <code>Sample Work</code> folder of the repository

3.  Commit and push the repository back from your local machine to GitHub.

4.  Now lets do some Ruby:
    - Find out what a string is and how they can be manipulated in Ruby.  Go to
    [Learn Ruby The Hard Way and do Exercise 6](http://ruby.learncodethehardway.org/book/ex6.html)
    - Work through to exercise 9
    - create your own file with strings in your test editor 

5.  If you've finished this, or don't need practice with strings, research arrays.  
    - What is the best resource you found? 
    - What is the most difficult method to call on an array?
        * Call that method on your array, plus two more methods  

Homework for the next Meet-Up
------------------------------
> Work through Learn Ruby The Hard Way to Exercise 20, DO ALL THE HOMEWORKS
> What is the coolest thing you learn?
> Next meetup we'll return to Rails and start putting Ruby and Rails together so we can create something awesome! 
  	
