
Meet-Up Goals Dec 19th 
======================

> At the first few Meet-Ups we will establish regular meeting days each  month for future events,<br> establish what attendees want to learn, and tailor future events accordingly. 

Projects for this Meet-Up
-------------------------- 
    *   Work on <a href="http://tryruby.org/levels/1/challenges/0">Tryruby.org</a> again.  Did you learn anything new? </li>
    *   Join the Rails Girls DC group on <a href="http://www.codecademy.com/#!/exercises/0">Codecadmy.com</a> and work through some tutorials.  <br>Try running some of your own code in your <code>irb.</code>  </li>
    *   Continue where you left off at the Rails Girls DC Workshops and work through <br>some more <a href="http://guides.railsgirls.com/app/"> app guides</a>  </li>
    *   Find others at the Meet-Up who are working through the same problems.  <br>Start a conversation about what you're learning and working on.  </li>
  

Homework for the next Meet-Up
------------------------------
> Remember to start experimenting with your Terminal or Command Line (Mac vs PC) and run <code> irb</code> <br>Work on the following questions in your text editor and save them in a Ruby file.  <br>We will review each other's files at the next Meet-Up.
  	1.  Create a variable <code>rails_girls</code> that holds locations for where other Meet-Up attendees are from. <br>What kind of data structure did you use and why?  </li>
  	2.  Find out what the <code>methods</code> does.</li>
  	3.  Figure out different data structures in Ruby. </li>
  	4.  Experiment with different methods for different data structures for you list of locations.</li>  
  	5.  How did you figure out the methods and what they can do?  <br>Have you found any useful resources online?</li>
  	6.  Run the document in your terminal and see what happens 
  	